---
title: Temporal 101
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_label: Temporal 101
public: false
draft: false
tags: [courses]
custom_edit_url: null
hide_table_of_contents: true
last_update:
  date: 2022-08-10
---

<!-- Generated Aug 11 2022 -->
<!-- DO NOT edit this file directly. -->

:::info Course coming soon!
We're still building this course. The course outcomes and content are subject to change.

<a className="button button--primary" href="https://pages.temporal.io/get-updates-education">Get notified when we launch this course!</a>

:::

In this course, you will explore the basic building blocks of Temporal: Workflows and Activities. You’ll use these building blocks along with Temporal's Go SDK to develop a small application that communicates with an external service. You'll see how Temporal helps you recover from failures and explore Temporal's execution model and event history. You'll use the Temporal Web UI and Temporal’s command-line tools to explore and interact with your Workflows, and you'll use what you've learned to add new features to your existing workflow.

When you've completed the course, you'll be able to:

- Configure an environment for developing Temporal Applications
- Use Temporal to describe and implement a business process.
- Interpret Temporal's workflow execution model.
- Use Temporal’s tooling to manage the lifecycle of your application.

Prerequisites:

To be successful in this course, you should have experience writing back-end applications that rely on external APIs.

This course uses the Go programming language. Previous Go experience is helpful, but not necessary.

This course is coming soon.

 <a className="button button--primary" href="https://pages.temporal.io/get-updates-education">Get notified when we launch this course!</a> 
